[DOCS] Host risk score data (#1261)
elastic/security-docs: docs/experimental-features/experimental-features-intro.asciidoc

[[sec-experimental-intro]]
= Experimental features

> The following features in this section are experimental and may be changed or removed completely in a future release. Elastic will take a best effort approach to fix any issues, but experimental features are not subject to the support of official GA features.

Reviewer: Possible revision for conciseness
```suggestion
The following features in this section are experimental and may be changed or removed completely in a future release. Elastic will make a best effort to fix any issues, but experimental features are not subject to the support of official GA features.
```
